Recommended actions
First, review the following sections of our spam policies:

Thin affiliate pages
Scraped content
Doorways
Next, follow the steps below to identify and correct the violation(s) on your site:

Check for content on your site that duplicates content found elsewhere.
Check for thin content pages with affiliate links on your site.
Check for doorway pages on your site.
If your site contains any of these types of content, think about whether your site provides significant added value for your users. 
Tip: Consider asking friends or family — real people not affiliated with your site — to use or critique your site to get ideas for improving it.
Improve your website so that it provides significant value for your users.
When you're sure that your site is no longer in violation of our spam policies, select Request Review on the Manual Actions report. Provide examples of bad content that you removed and good content that you added.
After you've submitted a reconsideration request, be patient and watch for review status messages in your Search Console account — we'll let you know when we've reviewed your site. If we determine that your site is no longer in violation of our spam policies, we'll revoke the manual action.
Cloaking and/or sneaky redirects
Major spam problems
Cloaked images
Hidden text and/or keyword stuffing
AMP content mismatch
Sneaky mobile redirects
News and Discover policy violations
Site reputation abuse
What's the difference between the Manual Actions report and the Security Issues report?
There is some conceptual overlap between the Manual Actions report and the Security Issues report, so it is useful to know the difference between them:
The Manual Actions report lists manually detected issues with a page or site that are mostly attempts to manipulate our search index, but are not necessarily dangerous for users. Most issues reported here will result in pages or site being ranked lower or omitted from search results without any visual indication to the user.
The Security Issues report lists indications that your site was hacked, or behavior on your site that could potentially harm a visitor or their computer: for example, phishing attacks or installing malware or unwanted software on the user's computer. These pages can appear with a warning label in search results, or a browser can display an interstitial warning page when a user tries to visit them.